Mom
I'm back!
Mom, how are you?
You hit me?
You little bitch
What happened when I hit you?
If it weren't for you hitting Zhao Luo and running away
The dowry money for your brother's wife
As for the soup?
Mom, my brother's marriage is important
Then my innocence doesn't matter?
Humph important
You lose money, and you also pay your brother.
Your brother is responsible for
The heavy responsibility of inheriting the Ming family
roll
go out
Raised you for so many years
You can't even get me the money for a bride price. Get out of here
Because don't feel sorry for those who don't deserve it.
They don't love you
You have to love yourself.
Why does a dead old woman have such eyes?
How much is it to write with such a forgiving heart?
You can afford it if it gets dirty.
cut
It was you who suddenly and inexplicably ran up to us
The old lady hasn't blamed you yet
You came to reality to find my Mahan
How dare you talk to me like that
Do you know who I am?
Such a big breath
I really want to know who you are
I'm afraid I'll be scared to death by saying it
What's wrong with me
Those you came just in time
I had a bunch of supplements
Going to visit grandma
I didn't expect this dead old woman
Not only did it stain my new shoes
He is too much and scolds me again
grandma
He is the fiancee you are looking for